[v6] custom validation docs (#422)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 6.x/crud-fields.md

- **Option 2.** Handle the upload process yourself. This is what happened in v5, so if you want to handle the upload by yourself you can [read the v5 upload docs here](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/5.x/crud-fields#upload-1).

#### Validation

> You can use standard Laravel validation rules. But we've also made it easy for you to validate the `upload` fields, using a [Custom Validation Rule](/docs/{{version}}/custom-validation-rules). The `ValidUpload` validation rule allows you to define two sets of rules: 
> - `::field()` - the input rules, independant of the content;
> - `file()` - rules that apply to the sent file;
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use standard Laravel validation rules. But we've also made it easy for you to validate the `upload` fields, using a [Custom Validation Rule](/docs/{{version}}/custom-validation-rules). The `ValidUpload` validation rule allows you to define two sets of rules: 
- `::field()` - the field rules (independent of the file content);
- `->file()` - rules that apply to the sent file;

```
